# iemhacks_TravelVista-Explore_India

Team Members GitHub usernames -
1. affancoder 
2. saket687
3. amanverma0525
4. sumita2611

Problem Statement- 
Tourism has a potential to contribute a lot in the country’s economy. According to some official data, a foreigner when comes to India, they spend around 3x-4x more money than than the domestic tourists. Another data says that if someone would do a business meeting the more than 65% of them travels with a companion and after meetings more than 50% of them plans holiday at the nearby tourist sites. More than 55% people who comes India for a business meeting, spends around 8x-10x more than an average domestic tourist. But that number of foreign tourist as well as those who visits India is very less. When a foreign tourist visits some place, they spend money in the place they visit which was earned by working hard in their own country. So basically if any foreign tourists come to India they are bringing the outside money to India due to which many small businesses to large companies run and gives employment to the citizens of our country. But the problem is not totally that we don’t have many tourist places, the problem is that many people just know only some tourist places and they just go there. Most of the foreigners and many people of our country don’t know that what kind of tourist places are available and apart from some big tourist places, there are many and many of the small tourist places in our country where every site has a unique identity, culture, vibe….tic tourist. But that number of foreign tourist as well as those who visits India is very less. When a foreign tourist visits some place, they spend money in the place they visit which was earned by working hard in their own country. So basically if any foreign tourists come to India they are bringing the outside money to India due to which many small businesses to large companies run and gives employment to the citizens of our country. But the problem is not totally that we don’t have many tourist places, the problem is that many people just know only some tourist places and they just go there. Most of the foreigners and many people of our country don’t know that what kind of tourist places are available and apart from some big tourist places, there are many and many of the small tourist places in our country where every site has a unique identity, culture, vibe….
